feat: add summary for #283 (#337)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/283/content.adoc

Date: 11-04-2026

Duration: 1 hr 24 mins

==== Topics Discussed

> * Alpesh shared some huge updates about his startup, Cyberwave, including getting selected for link:https://www.startupschool.org/[Y Combinator's Startup School^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Alpesh shared some huge updates about his startup, CyberUnbound, including getting selected for link:https://www.startupschool.org[Y Combinator's Startup School^].
```

ig the startup is CyberUnbound and not Cyberwave, but please confirm @Alpastx

Author: Yupp It's cyberunbound I got confused in names

>     ** The conversation shifted to link:https://www.draperuniversity.com/[Draper University / Draper House^], where Sushrut jumped in to share some deeper, firsthand insights about the experience there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Sushrut shared some insights about the experience at link:https://www.draperuniversity.com[Draper University / Draper House^].
```

* Urvil walked the group through his recent journey wrapping up his 12th boards and CET exams.

>     ** He is now diving into web development (HTML and CSS) and showed off some of the projects he has built so far to get his hands dirty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Urvil shared he is diving into web development (HTML and CSS) and showed off some of the projects he has built so far .
```
